he was nice to you you had a lot worse but he was doing
good word and then sometimes we laughed good listen I'll take you
in a place with other children like 300 devices without moorings I will
present ycare we know what I have you have us
rather no face to face you do what if I do not let go I can tell myself why you
and you want us to tell you that the others she is where your mother is
part with a record. the and unparalleled she presents the touch seems that more
person online [Music]
this news tells not why it is here if we will be celebrating getting this
group to and there eyes that make a little stomach ache
the one who brought me the other day is a real witch I swear to you
wouldn't let go [Music]
yes [Music]
for me that
in question
[Music] oh sorry yes I don't like the cops yes
I know [Music]